0x00-hello_world/README.md, before:

Task 0. Write a script that runs a C file through the preprocessor and save the result into another file, The C file name will be saved in the variable $CFILE, The output should be saved in the file c.
Task 1. Write a script that compiles a C file but does not link,The C file name will be saved in the variable $CFILE,The output file should be named the same as the C file, but with the extension .o instead of .c, Example: if the C file is main.c, the output file should be main.o.
Task 2. Write a script that generates the assembly code of a C code and save it in an output file, The C file name will be saved in the variable $CFILE, 
The output file should be named the same as the C file, but with the extension .s instead of .c., Example: if the C file is main.c, the output file should be main.s. 
Task 3. Write a script that compiles a C file and creates an executable named cisfun., The C file name will be saved in the variable $CFILE.
Task 4. Write a C program that prints exactly "Programming is like building a multilingual puzzle, followed by a new line.,Use the function puts,You are not allowed to use printf,Your program should end with the value 0.
Task 5.Write a C program that prints exactly with proper grammar, but the outcome is a piece of art,, followed by a new line., Use the function printf, You are not allowed to use the function puts, Your program should return 0, Your program should compile without warning when using the -Wall gcc option.
Task 6.

Commit message:

Prints various type of computer it is compiiled and run

0x00-hello_world/README.md, after:

Task 0. Write a script that runs a C file through the preprocessor and save the result into another file, The C file name will be saved in the variable $CFILE, The output should be saved in the file c.
Task 1. Write a script that compiles a C file but does not link,The C file name will be saved in the variable $CFILE,The output file should be named the same as the C file, but with the extension .o instead of .c, Example: if the C file is main.c, the output file should be main.o.
Task 2. Write a script that generates the assembly code of a C code and save it in an output file, The C file name will be saved in the variable $CFILE, 
The output file should be named the same as the C file, but with the extension .s instead of .c., Example: if the C file is main.c, the output file should be main.s. 
Task 3. Write a script that compiles a C file and creates an executable named cisfun., The C file name will be saved in the variable $CFILE.
Task 4. Write a C program that prints exactly "Programming is like building a multilingual puzzle, followed by a new line.,Use the function puts,You are not allowed to use printf,Your program should end with the value 0.
Task 5.Write a C program that prints exactly with proper grammar, but the outcome is a piece of art,, followed by a new line., Use the function printf, You are not allowed to use the function puts, Your program should return 0, Your program should compile without warning when using the -Wall gcc option.
Task 6. Write a C program that prints the size of various types on the computer it is compiled and run on., You should produce the exact same output as in the example,Warnings are allowed,Your program should return 0.
